Postman's Datadog Integration, initial draft (#825)
DataDog/integrations-extras: postman/README.md

# Agent Check: Postman

## Overview

[Postman][1] is a collaboration platform for API development. 
Postman's features simplify each step of building an API and streamline collaboration so you can create better APIs—faster.

> This Integration helps you 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Integration helps you:
```

> 1. Analyse the metric from the Postman Monitor runs in Datadog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Analyze the metric from the Postman Monitor runs in Datadog
```

> 2. Generate events on each monitor run and failure for you to remain on top of your monitor health

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Generate events on each monitor run and failure for you to remain on top of your monitor health

```

## Setup

> For the detailed instructions, follow the [Postman documentation][3].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed instructions, follow the [Postman documentation][3].
```

### Installation

### Configuration

> 1. Generate an API key from the Datadog Integrations> API tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Generate an API key from the Datadog Integrations > API tab.
```

> 2. Log into your Postman Account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Log into your Postman account.
```

> 3. Go to Home > Integrations > Browse All Integrations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Go to Home > Integrations > Browse All Integrations.
```

> 4. Click on the Datadog Integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click on the Datadog Integration.
```

> 5. Choose the Postman Monitor for which the metrics need to be analysed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Choose the Postman Monitor for the metrics that you want to be analyzed.
```

> 6. Choose if you want to send metric, events or both

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Choose if you want to send metrics, events or both.
```

> 7. Complete other details and add the Integration to complete the configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Complete other details and add the Integration to complete the configuration.
```

![Configure Integration][4]

### Validation

## Data Collected

### Metrics

See [metadata.csv][5] for a list of metrics provided by this integration.

### Service Checks

Postman does not include any service checks.

### Events

> An event is generated each time a monitor runs in Postman. The severity of the event is Low if all the Tests in the Postman 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An event is generated each time a monitor runs in Postman. The severity of the event is "Low" if all the tests in the Postman 
```

> Monitor pass and Normal in case a few of them fail or if there is error in execution of any  event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Monitor pass and "Normal" if some of them fail, or if there is an error in execution of any event.
```

# Agent Check: Postman

## Overview

[Postman][1] is a collaboration platform for API development. It simplifies the steps of building an API and streamlines 

> collaboration so you can create better APIs—faster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
collaboration so you can create better APIs-faster.
```

This integration helps you stay on top of your monitors' health. It enables you to:

- Analyze the metrics of Postman Monitor runs in Datadog

- Generate events for successful and failed monitor runs.
## Setup

For detailed instructions, follow the [Postman documentation][3].

### Configuration

1. Generate a Datadog [API key][6].
2. Sign in to your Postman account and navigate to the [Datadog integration][7].

> 3. Select “Add Integration.”

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Select "Add Integration."
```

4. To send your monitor metrics and events to Datadog:

> - Name your new integration.
> - Select the monitor whose data you would like to send to Datadog.
> - Enter your Datadog API key.
> - Select the Datadog region you would like to use.
> - Optionally choose if you want to send events, metrics or both for each run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Name your new integration.
   - Select the monitor whose data you would like to send to Datadog.
   - Enter your Datadog API key.
   - Select the Datadog region you would like to use.
   - Optionally choose if you want to send events, metrics or both for each run.
```

> 5. Then select “Add Integration” to finish setting up the integration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Then select "Add Integration" to finish setting up the integration.
```
